When presenting and analyzing AWS billing data for a CTO or other  
high-level executives, it's essential to keep the information concise,  
clear, and relevant. Here are some good practices to follow:  
  
Summarize the data: Focus on providing a high-level summary of the  
billing data, including total cost, average daily cost, and percentage  
change compared to the previous month or year.  
  
Visualize the data: Use visualizations like bar charts, line charts,  
or pie charts to help the CTO quickly understand the cost distribution  
among different services, trends over time, and comparisons with  
previous periods.  
  
Highlight key insights: Identify and highlight any significant  
findings, such as cost spikes, underutilized resources, or cost-saving  
opportunities. Provide explanations and recommendations to address  
these issues.  
  
Break down costs by service and tags: Display costs by AWS service,  
and use tags to further segment the costs by project, team, or  
application. This helps the CTO understand which areas are driving the  
most costs.  
  
Show cost allocation: Present the data in a way that shows how costs  
are allocated across different teams, departments, or projects. This  
can help the CTO make informed decisions about resource allocation and  
budgeting.  
  
Analyze resource utilization: Include information on resource  
utilization, such as EC2 instance types, storage, and network usage.  
Highlighting over- or under-utilized resources can help the CTO make  
more efficient use of resources and reduce costs.  
  
Forecast future costs: Use historical data to project future costs and  
provide estimates for different scenarios (e.g., increased usage or  
new projects). This can help the CTO plan for future budgets and  
resource needs.  
  
Include cost-saving recommendations: Offer specific recommendations  
for cost optimization, such as rightsizing resources, purchasing  
reserved instances, or using spot instances. Provide estimates of  
potential savings for each recommendation.  
  
Keep the presentation focused: Stick to the most important and  
relevant information, and avoid overwhelming the CTO with too much  
detail. You can always provide more in-depth data upon request.  
  
Make the report easily accessible and up-to-date: Consider automating  
the generation of the report and providing it through an  
easy-to-access dashboard or a regular email update. This ensures that  
the CTO has up-to-date information to make informed decisions.  
  
By following these practices, you'll be able to effectively  
communicate AWS billing data and insights to the CTO, enabling them to  
make informed decisions about resource allocation, budgeting, and cost  
optimization.